hello YouTube mgc armed actors here with
my main man Kieran hey have a good Yeah
right uh this is first video but it's
not for me obviously cuz you see mother
once I hope you have robaxin The Witcher
or should we say what do I call it the
witch two that's it um this on
the Xbox husband on pc for ages i played
on the pc but you've played it more than
me so more than you yes you have hell
even know you had it longer than I have
I know artworks really nice especially
at up around quite a bit camera shy
redhead with if I put the black sea
there right there you tap all of that
multiple times well you would miss
that's 18 cuz on the back it says right
down here to know if you can don't you
see out but if you can set contains very
strong language strong sex and bloody
violence perfect combination play so not
what when he caught on line Corp cuz the
no PT or donate it's a major single
plugin but i'll go ahead and openness
keep them entertained I keep them
entertained yeah I'm supposed to have to
open this phone aroma no I should get my
passion listen kid it's not prostitution
to come over to bagan vs russia for the
win i'm trying my hardest with shiny
really it's shaggy look how do you see
that oh my god i can see it right can i
get boy like up like five minutes as
long as you don't ruin it and the fair
enough you go there's the booklet oh
really yeah no that's the case you
already seen uh don't wreck the case gah
what's this oh the quest handbook you've
got a guy yeah the quest I'm book is a
thumbs up encuesta wrong regard I know
this for everyone so any question gets
stuck on you can just have a look in the
book pretty good sweet but it helps help
sir keep going on the wing
well so you buy the guide loot loot then
yes no it's been it's been there over
coupled I'll use you know we cannot it
will get back fight the power God
there's nothing ruinous patches it oh
Jesus there is um yeah this map is quite
big but I'm covering a bit up of my hand
I wanna connect it to see one but that's
one side of the map never seen this one
as well oh and service wat as well
they're like in this game there like
that breasts I just want that out yeah
you wanted to start new game just to see
that scene no way did you yes you did no
I would get I would get the full effect
oh I will open this one now so give me
30 seconds entertained how can i
entertain over no were you doing jacking
off the anger we're gonna do look at the
shiny shiny look at the shiny chemise
seriously well there we go YouTube
audience they're easily entertained well
I suppose it's like the principal talent
guy where's the keys where's phone yeah
with Ricky's where's my phone where is
your phone I jingle where's my keys
where's my home was maybe I leave yeah
give me a ring got money a thing good
haven't seen that I really we have a
duty wedding night have YouTube it's
hilarious I think what US open them
mm-hmm maybe not also check out enough
check out a nova and cracking don't you
a jacket yeah they're quite very really
funny I've tried your mom's name good
either parking on steam yeah yeah it's
on your coat in it just double check to
look nope no coach Daniel yeah no it's a
game manual we got a man you owe
everyone it is the coming of the second
age we have a man you got a man you only
is it color nope but it's got pictures
and when it's a thick and it's pretty
damn thick it's not like I'm joking
don't mention it oh my god right that's
the manual and then go three discs here
actually could you got a soundtrack near
thing as well check it out that's unless
its weight on one disc game this what's
this number one remember but I went in
first to too but that went after Tosha
face photo and the song truck I will be
putting that on my computer I don't dump
her that at all could you live in the
game give up would you want to play it
then burner and they have in this case
yeah we have enough to kiss more with a
manual called back sucka same as you
everyone once again it points out strong
violence and sex it does if the reason
what you've bought this game no it's not
I'd like to exist Adrian recommended it
yes I have no Janie Hydrick have
mentioned the Pedro yes the Pedro the
other Pedro Lord Pedro Pedro right three
disks a case a map my soundtrack and the
glide not bad for so II think I'm sorry
huh my bad about it five days before
Thank You internets uh I me a copy
that's it for me that's it for me no
same thing uh yes bye for me as well by
the way admin rights was life how done
for 26 jesus at your own risk Oh risked
my ass all right bye-bye if you'd like
the video subscribe and click like if
you liked the video thank you see you
later bye